Twitch Discord Bridge huge refactoring (#5)
ollprogram/TwitchDiscordBridge: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

### Description

> Write here a short description of the feature you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write here a short description of the feature you would like to see implemented
```
